Docs for KVM Ingestion feature (#356)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/virtual_machines/importing_unmanaging_vms.rst

Use Cases and General Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ability to import Instances allows Cloud operators to onboard new tenants simply and quickly,
with the minimum amount of disk IO. It can also be used in disaster recovery scenarios at remote sites (if storage is
replicated).

The most complex part of importing Instances is the mapping of an unmanaged Instance's Networks (on the hypervisor level) to CloudStack Networks, as an operator
could be importing tens or even hundreds of Instances.

If the 'destination' Network's VLAN(s) and the requested service offerings match the existing VLAN and the CPU/RAM profile of the Instance on the hypervisor level, then the Instance can be
imported while it is running. If the VLANs or service offerings do not match, then the Instance to be imported must be stopped.
Once the Instance has been added to CloudStack, starting it through CloudStack will alter the Instance's settings on the hypervisor in line with
those set in the CloudStack DB (e.g. the Instance might be moved to a different Port Group on vSwitch/dvSwitch, with the corresponding VLAN)

To import Instances, it is imagined that a Cloud Provider will:

> #. List/get familiar all of the existing Networks on which the Instances to be imported are on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. List/get familiar with all of the existing Networks on which the Instances to be imported are on.
```

CloudStack's Backup and Recovery feature).

> The most complex part of importing Instances is the mapping of an unmanaged Instance's Networks to CloudStack Networks.  As an operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most complex part of importing Instances is the mapping of an unmanaged Instance's Networks to CloudStack Networks, as an operator
```

**Request parameters**:

.. parsed-literal::
   - **zoneid** (Zone to which Instance will be imported)
   - **host** (the host name or IP address of External Host)
   - **username** (the username of External Host for authentication)
   - **password** (the password of External Host for authentication)
   - **importsource** (Import source should be external)
   - **tmppath** (Temp Path on external host for disk image copy)
   - **name** (Instance name on External Host)
   - **displayname**
   - **hostname**
   - **account** (An optional account name for the Instance. Must be used with domainid parameter)
   - **domainid** (An optional domain ID for the Instance. Must be used with account parameter)
   - **projectid**
   - **serviceofferingid**
   - **nicnetworklist** (Map for NIC ID and corresponding Network UUID)
   - **nicipaddresslist** (Map for NIC ID and corresponding IP address)
   - **datadiskofferinglist** (Map for data disk ID and corresponding disk offering UUID)
   - **details** (Map for Instance details)
   - **forced** (If true, an Instance is imported despite some of its NIC's MAC addresses being already present)

> .. note:: The `forced` parameter is false by default and prevents importing an Instance which has a NIC containing a

Reviewer 3: The formatting is incorrect 
![Screenshot 2023-11-13 at 2 36 29 PM](https://github.com/apache/cloudstack-documentation/assets/1401014/479823f9-336c-41ed-8d21-15c2a43a8ff6)

> .. note:: The `forced` parameter is false by default and prevents importing an Instance which has a NIC containing a
> MAC address that has been previously assigned by CloudStack. If it is set to true, the NICs with MAC addresses which
> already exist in the CloudStack database have the existing MAC addresses reassigned to its NICs.

Reviewer: In general I think it makes sense to limit line lengths to about 80 chars , but I am not relegious about it;

```suggestion
.. note:: The `forced` parameter is false by default and prevents importing an Instance which has a NIC containing a
          MAC address that has been previously assigned by CloudStack. If it is set to true, the NICs with MAC addresses which
          already exist in the CloudStack database have the existing MAC addresses reassigned to its NICs.
```

   - For the Instance being unmanaged: stopped and destroyed usage events (similar to the generated usage events when expunging an Instance), with types: ‘VM.STOP’ and ‘VM.DESTROY', unless the instance has been already stopped before being unmanaged and in this case only ‘VM.DESTROY' is generated.

Import Instances from External Hosts
-------------------------
.. note:: This is currently only available for **KVM** hypervisor.

External Host
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An External Host refers to a host that is not managed by CloudStack. The "Import from external host" feature enables importing/migrating
instances from these external hosts. This feature is available in both UI and API.

Prerequisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Ensure that the External KVM host is equipped with the installation of libvirt.
> - Allow TCP libvirt connections (listen_tpc=1) on those External Hosts from CloudStack hosts.
> - It is imperative that instances residing on the external host are in a stopped state, as live migration of instances is not supported
> - For some guest operating systems, it's also required that the operating system inside the Instance has been gracefully shut down.
> - Currently, it's supported to only use NFS and Local storage as the destination Primary Storage pools in CloudStack

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the External KVM host are running libvirt
- Allow libvirt TCP connections (listen_tpc=1) on those External Hosts from CloudStack hosts.
- Instances on the external host have to be in a stopped state, as live migration of instances is not supported
- For some guest operating systems, it's also required that the operating system inside the Instance has been gracefully shut down.
- Currently, it's supported to only use NFS and Local storage as the destination Primary Storage pools in CloudStack
- Currently, only libvirt-based instances can be migrated
```
